---
external help file: posh-tex-help.xml
online version: http://www.cgranade.com/posh-tex/cmdlets/Export-ArXivArchive/
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Export-ArXivArchive

## SYNOPSIS

## SYNTAX

```
Export-ArXivArchive [-Manifest] <Hashtable> [-RunNotebooks] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

Prepares a ZIP archive of a LaTeX-based project suitable for uploading to arXiv.org.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
#region Bootstrap PoShTeX
$modules = Get-Module -ListAvailable -Name posh-tex;
if (!$modules) {Install-Module posh-tex -Scope CurrentUser}
if (!($modules | ? {$_.Version -ge "0.1.7.4"})) {Update-Module posh-tex}
Import-Module posh-tex -Version "0.1.7.4"
#endregion

Export-ArXivArchive @{
    ProjectName = "mlp";
    TeXMain = "mlp.tex";
    AdditionalFiles = @{
        "fig/*.pdf" = $null;
        "revquantum.sty" = $null;
        "quantumarticle.cls" = $null;
    };
    RenewCommands = @{
        "figurefolder" = "fig/";
    };
    Notebooks = @(
        "nb/paper-figures.ipynb"
    )
}
```

Run LaTeX on ``mlp.tex``, then save the TeX source and ``*.bbl`` files
into a ZIP named ``mlp.zip``, along with all figures matching ``fig/*.pdf`` and LaTeX dependencies.

## PARAMETERS

### -Manifest
Specifies which files should be included in the ZIP file generated by
this cmdlet. The following keys are required:

- ``ProjectName``: Used to determine the name of the generated ZIP file.
- ``TeXMain``: Name of the main TeX file to be compiled.
- ``AdditionalFiles``: Hashtable whose keys are filename patterns specifying
  additional files that should be included. If the value of a key is ``$null``,
  then matching files will be included at the same location as in the original
  project director. If the value is a directory (that is, ending in ``/``), then
  matching files will be placed in that directory. Finally, a specific file name
  can be given.

The following keys may optionally be specified:

- ``RenewCommands``: Hashtable whose keys are LaTeX commands and whose values are
  new values for those commands. This may be needed, for instance, if figures and
  other LaTeX dependencies are located in a different folder within your project and
  in the final arXiv build.
- ``Notebooks``: An array of Jupyter Notebooks, each of which will be placed in
  the ``anc/`` directory of the generated ZIP archive. If the ``-RunNotebooks``
  switch is present, nominated notebooks will also be executed before building
  the TeX project.

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RunNotebooks
If present, ``Export-ArXivArchive`` will use Jupyter Notebook to rerun all notebooks
listed in the ``Notebooks`` key of the manifest before building the TeX project.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

